When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would want to use a remote repository when i want other people to see my file, or would want them to include new additional features which they think would be good for the file.
if i wish to build something based on someone else's github codebase. i am able to fork the original repository to my github account. then develop from there.
(rather than downloading someone else's github repository onto my desktop, followed by uploading to my desktop)
Having a remote repositoryenable ease of remote collaborationwith other programmers
It also enables ease of project sharing to the public.
It also acts as a form of "backup" , e.g. if the home PC blows up, its good to know that there is a backup repository in the cloud (github)

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
THis is because someone else may make a change in my file, and i would want to first checkout if the change is good and only after that pull to local repository

Describe the difference between forks, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Fork : a copy of a git repo in github. GitHub keeps track of the fork, so you know where the fork comes from
and the other repository knows how many forks has

Clone : copy a repo into a local git repo

Branches : copy current commited code into a diferent commit-tree in local

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
THen we can be up-to-date with the changes we have made in the github master branch even when we are offline, such as if we are on a plane.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub ? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
We could collaborate without using git or github by using e-mail, word-to -mouth (being in the same room) chatroom, or just by workingon one computer together. The easiest part would be settling
merge conflicts much faster and without being far way from your partner on the project.What would make things harder is wasting time working in the same area emailing or sending files via wifi/ bluetooth 
which could become tedious.
